28.04.2015. 10:31:44
Azra Mahmutović
JOHN NEWMAN BRINGS THE HOTTEST GLOBAL HITS TO JUNGLE!
../MFest/images/john.jpg
The new British soul star and one of the today’s most demanded singers John Newman, 
is set to perform on 9th July at Jungle Festival. The 24-year-old singer- songwriter 
will present his British top-chart-breaking album “Tribute” 
along with equally impressive hit singles like 
„Love Me Again“, „Losing Sleep“, „Cheating“ and „Out Of My Head“.
--
John Newman wrote the pages of one of the most inspirational and uplifting 
stories in modern music. With all odds stacked against him and living in 
extreme poverty in a small Yorkshire civil parish, he fought his way relentlessly 
and rose as a singer that turns everything he touches into pure triumph! 
Newman had to learn to do everything himself from the onset, only to later 
pay for college by being a glass collector, then later as a cocktail barman. 
He even performed as a teenager with the same vigour of a veteran soul singer! 
His love of music was instilled by his single mother, 
who loved the sounds of Motown and Atlantic, with unavoidable Northern Soul parties 
from which she brought back rare records, which John have played in his DJ sets at local weddings. 
Growing up in a small town meant often fights, occasional run-ins with the police that are reflected 
in Newman’s distinct self-confidence and peppery temper. Two of his closest friends died in a tragic 
car crash when Newman was only 17, which later formed his distinct vocal in times of grief.
 
After studying at the College of Music in Leeds, 
Newman came to London where he met the new formed Rudimental crew. 
Their collaborative track “Feel the Love” went to No.1 at UK Singles Chart 
and another hit of theirs “Not Giving In” was shortly followed 
by Newman’s first huge solo track “Love Me Again”. 
The track peaked at first place at British charts 
as well as many others in the world, including America! 
The album “Tribute” quickly rose to the top of the British charts 
and came ahead of the great Paul McCartney. 
While the world still echoes with smash hit “Blame”, 
Newman is currently recording his new album in Los Angeles.
 “There are too many celebrities and not enough artists” says the singer who, 
in the 21st century, writes and remixes his own sings, 
with a talent to make someone’s song his own by just singing it. 
Another rasped voice Yorkshireman who also had this talent 
and northern emotion was none other than the late Joe Cocker.