05.05.2015. 18:22:24
Kazuo Ishiguro
TOM ODELL FOR REAL LOVE AT JUNGLE!
../MFest/images/tom.jpg
One of the leading music sensations of new generation, an awarded British songwriter Tom Odell, 
after string of shows on top festivals such are Glastonbury and Coachella, 
will perform at Jungle Festival on Friday, July 10th.
“Young David Bowie”, as dubbed by Lily Allen, won the audience and critics 
with his UK No.1 debut album “Long Way Down”, featuring huge hit-single „Another Love“.
--
Acknowledgement to unique talent of this 24-year-old singer, 
have arrived through rewards that many musicians personally desire the most. 
Odell won the prestigious Ivor Novello award for the songwriter 
of the year 2014, which placed him in a league of music icons 
such are Peter Gabriel, Eurythmics, David Gilmour, Eric Clapton or Freddie Mercury. 
Along with Sam Smith, Tom Odell was the first male artist to win the BRIT Critic Choice 
after previous five that went to Adele, Ellie Goulding, Jessie J i Emeli Sande. 
Popular singer is working on new songs that are set to arrive this spring within 
the Forest Live tour where he will share the bill with Robert Plant i Paloma Faith.
His recent hit single and cover of John Lennon’s song “Real Love”, 
which charted high last Christmas, has been added to the list of Odell’s 
most romantic songs such are “I Know”, “Grow Old With Me” and “Hold Me”. 
Asked if his real life experiences can be found in his lyrics, 
new addition to Jungle answered frankly: 
“Having your heart broken makes for good songs”, further revealing: 
“It’s happened that someone heard the song, called me, and said: 
do you want to fall in love again?”

Tom hails from small town Chichester where he took classic piano lessons 
since age of seven, to write his own songs at thirteen. 
He went to two music colleges, working as a barman and seizing every opportunity
to play on even smallest bar stages. After being discovered by Lily Allen, 
his debut album was released on June 2013, pacing up to No.1 at UK Album chart, 
which got him the call to open for Rolling Stones’ epic Hyde Park show. 
Even though a serious illness stopped him on that day, his exceptional performances
took place at the equally big festival stages of Glastonbury, Coachella, T in the Park and Pinkpop.